I trapped a 100 players in a box. Last
one standing wins. Okay, for the first
challenge, a simple twob block jump. All
right, there's no entity collision.
Surely no one misses a twob block jump.
OH, WHAT ARE WE KIDDING? Two people fell
off the ladder. THERE'S NO, BRO. OH,
THIS GUY'S TRYING TO MAKE IT HARD ON
THEM. Oh my god. How are so many people
failing?
NO WAY. OKAY, SOMEHOW WE'RE DOWN to 80
players. Oh, this next one I'm going to
be evil. All right, here's the setup. I
got lava beneath them. All right, ready?
Stand on the gray terracotta. 3 2
Okay, so this is actually cyan
terracotta. This is gray terracotta. Do
not ask me why. We're down to 20
players. Okay, I'm going to give
everyone three wind charges. All they
have to do is safely make it to this
outer ring. But they could choose to
sabotage other players. Let's see what
happens. Some are already going. Where
are they going to sabotage? Okay, I
think they're friendly. Okay. Oh, that
guy missed. Some are sabotaging. Wait.
Oh, the corners are a good strat. Seems
like most are MAKING IT.
OH, THE SABOTAGE. OH, GG. And now for my
final trick. PVP IS ENABLED. OH GOD. OH
NO. AND WE'RE DOWN TO the final 10. Now,
this one will be quite simple. Just jump
into the single block of water. Here we
go. Oh, no way. Next one up. Got it. Oh
no. How are so many people dying? And
we're down to the final four. PvP is
enabled and everyone gets one bow and
one arrow. The first player to stand on
this gold block for 10 seconds wins. Go.
Oh, this guy just shot his arrow. Oh my
god, he's going in. Wait, is he going to
get a shot?
Oh, the fake one is dead.
Oh, another's gone. It's a one v one.
He's on it, though.
OH. OH,
WE HAVE OUR WINNER. I'm doing this with
viewers live tonight on Twitch.